# Entry 6
##### 6/4/23

After going beyond the MVP (Minimum Viable Product), the class and I started [in-class presentatoins](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sVBJ3XjajvAtYxAoPKWP9viC68ll9e1K-qTcksPnSFI/edit?usp=sharing). Since I have already experienced presenting my Freedom Project in front of the whole class, I didn't feel as much anxiety as last time. I still felt nervous as usual when presenting in front of people staring at you. I was given a preference whether I wanted to present first (1-2), middle (2-3), or last (4-5). I chose last (5). When my name was called up, I was nervous and happy at the same time because I wanted to get this out of the way. My adrenaline rushed in for a few seconds. One thing I did well for my presentation was trying not to look at the board to help me present. I think I prepared enough for me to not look at the board. One thing I still need to work on is to not be nervous. My takeaways for this in-class presentation are to practice presenting more and instill confidence in yourself. In-class presentations is just one of the two requirements we have to complete presenting our projects.

The other presentation was the EXPO where you give an [elevator pitch](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iz2mEdyd3GILcocreHhAXo5JczmwIL58oSRSMTRjbPk/edit#heading=h.a49dewi2l5qf) to the judges about your product. In the EXPO for the 11th and 12th grade, I set up my computer to display my product to judges and people who wanted to see my project. When the judges came to me to hear my elevator pitch, I wasn't as nervous as last year. I am proud of that. I think I presented okay. I got to see my peer's project which is fun. I think their projects are awesome and better than mines. Overall, it was a nice experience. My takeaways for the EXPO was to be more confident on your project and the more you present your project, the more you feel confortable.

I am currently in **stage 8** of the *Engineering Design Process (EDP)* which is to **communicate the results**. Stage 8 is the final stage of the EDP. I have already presented my product in the EXPO and the in-class presentation. I am not sure what are we going to do for the next steps.

I have grown in the skill of *communication* and *growth mindset*. *Communication* is "articulating ideas to your partner, writing in your portfolio, public speaking in presentations" according to the [HSTAT SEP students website](https://hstatsep.github.io/students/). Before getting ready for the in-class presentations and the EXPO, Mr. Mueller helped prepare us for these events by letting my peers look over the elevator pitch script, presenting my slides for the in-class presentation to my peers, my peers giving feedback to help me improve presenting, etc. *Growth mindset* is "patience, perseverance, and the courage to ask for help". I used feedback from my classmates to help me improve at my Freedom Project. I asked my peers for help when I need some clarifications. I have perserved throughout this entire project knowing it is okay to not know everything and there are a lot of times where I make many mistakes.

[Previous](entry05.md) | [Next](entry07.md)

[Home](../README.md)